>> Kyle Simpson: If you're curious
about TypeScript and Flow and
their differences, this is both
similarities and differences, but
especially differences, I found this
particular article to be very helpful.
They went through essentially
both projects side by side,
big long list of all
the different characteristics and
where they are the same, same, same, same,
and the places where they are different.
It's a good article, so
I'd recommend checking it out.
In summary, what I would say is that
TypeScript and flow are very useful in
that a lot of people are finding them to
be helpful to solve their typing issues,
helpful to make their types more obvious.
Where I find them to be frustrating or
maybe it's just me frustrated about
the ecosystem is that we seem to jump
immediately to, that's the only option.
If you have types, you can either ignore
types entirely and use triple equals, or
you can jump to this other extreme,
which is layer on something
on top of JavaScript,
which I would argue is fundamentally
not really the DNA of JavaScript.
And I would like for
there to be something in between.